fix: Allow renewal_sku_ids To Handle None (#2709)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#2656](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2656))
- Fixed `AttributeError` when trying to consume a consumable entitlement.
  ([#2564](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2564))

> - Fixed `Subscription.renewal_sku_ids` not accepting `None` from discord payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Subscription.renewal_sku_ids` not accepting `None` from the received payload.
```

Reviewer: @Lulalaby 💀

Reviewer 2: fuck

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/commit/04b7ca0acc0003565af507bcd0e1a09c88366958
